Added new inventory file topics (#555)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/modules/platform/ref-controller-variables.adoc

NOTE

You no longer need to provide a `pg_hashed_password` in your inventory file at the time of installation because postgreSQL 13 can now store user passwords more securely. 

When you supply `pg_password`` in the inventory file for the installer, postgreSQL uses the SCRAM-SHA-256 hash to secure that password as part of the installation process.
| *`pg_port`* | The postgreSQL port to use.

The default is 5432
| *`pg_ssl_mode`* | One of `'prefer'`, `'verify-full'`, ? ?

Set to `'verify-full'` for client-side enforced SSL.

The default is `‘prefer’`.
| *`pg_username`* | Your postgres database username.

The default is `‘awx’`.
| *`postgres_ssl_cert`* | location of postgres ssl certificate.

`'/path/to/pgsql_ssl.cert'`
| *`postgres_ssl_key* | location of postgres ssl key.

`'/path/to/pgsql_ssl.key'`
| *`postgres_use_cert`* | Location of postgres user certificate. 

`'/path/to/pgsql.crt'`
| *`postgres_use_key`* | Location of postgres user key. 

`'/path/to/pgsql.key'`
| *`postgres_use_ssl`* | If postgres is to use SSL.
| *`receptor_listener_port`* | Port to use for recptor connection.

The default is 27199.
| *`web_server_ssl_cert`* |  _Optional_ 

/path/to/webserver.cert

> Same as 'automationhub_ssl_cert' but for web server UI and API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Same as `automationhub_ssl_cert` but for web server UI and API.
```

A `node_type='control'` implies that the node will only be able to run project and inventory updates, but not regular jobs.

A `node_type='hybrid'` has the ability to run everything.

Default for this group = `'hybrid'`.

For `[execution_nodes]` group

Two valid node_types can be assigned for this group.

A `node_type='hop'` implies that the node forwards jobs to an execution node.

A `node_type='execution'` implies that the node can run jobs.

Default for this group = `'execution'`.
a| *`peers`* | _Optional_

Peer relationships define node-to-node connections. 

This variable is used to add `tcp-peer` entries in the `receptor.conf` file used for establishing network connections with other nodes. 
See link:https://receptor.readthedocs.io/en/latest/connecting_nodes.html?highlight=tcp-peer[Peering]

The peers variable can be a comma-separated list of hosts and/or groups from the inventory.  
This is resolved into a set of hosts that is used to construct the `receptor.conf` file.

| *`pg_database`* | The name of the postgres database.

Default = `‘awx’`.
| *`pg_host`* | The postgreSQL host, which can be an externally managed database.

> | *`pg_password`* | The password for the postgreSQL database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| *`pg_password`* | The password for the PostgreSQL database.
```

[id="ref-controller-variables"]

= {ControllerNameStart} variables

[cols="50%,50%",options="header"]
|====
| *Variable* | *Description* 
| *`admin_password`* | The password for an administration user to access the UI upon install completion.
| *`automationcontroller_main_url`* | For an alternative front end URL needed for SSO configuration with {CatalogName}, provide the URL.

{CatalogNameStart} requires either Controller to be installed with {ControllerName}, or a URL to an active and routable Controller server must be provided with this variable
| *`automationcontroller_password`* | TBD
| *`automationcontroller_username`* | TBD

> | *`controller_base_url`* | TBD

Reviewer 3: Please remove - this is not a customer facing variable.

> | *`enable_insights_collection`* | The default install will register the node to the {InsightsName} Service if the node is registered with Subscription Manager. 

Reviewer 3: This is a global var, not specific to Controller.

The default for this group is `'execution'`.
a| *`peers`* | Peer relationships define node-to-node connections. 

For example 

`[automationcontroller:vars]
node_type=control
peers=instance_group_local`
| *`pg_database`* | The name of the postgres database.

The default is `‘awx’`.
| *`pg_host`* | The postgreSQL host, which can be an externally managed database.
| *`pg_password`* | The password for the postgreSQL database.

Do not use special characters for `pg_password`. 
They can cause the password to fail.

NOTE

You no longer need to provide a `pg_hashed_password` in your inventory file at the time of installation because postgreSQL 13 can now store user passwords more securely. 

When you supply `pg_password`` in the inventory file for the installer, postgreSQL uses the SCRAM-SHA-256 hash to secure that password as part of the installation process.
| *`pg_port`* | The postgreSQL port to use.

The default is 5432
| *`pg_ssl_mode`* | One of `'prefer'`, `'verify-full'`, ? ?

Set to `'verify-full'` for client-side enforced SSL.

The default is `‘prefer’`.
| *`pg_username`* | Your postgres database username.

The default is `‘awx’`.

> | *`postgres_use_cert`* | Location of postgres user certificate. 

Reviewer 3: `postgres_ssl_cert`

all ssl cert/keys varaibles could use the similar descrpition.

`'/path/to/pgsql.crt'`

> | *`postgres_use_key`* | Location of postgres user key. 

Reviewer 3: `postgres_ssl_key`

`'/path/to/pgsql.key'`
| *`postgres_use_ssl`* | TBD

> | *`receptor_listener_port`* | TBD

Reviewer 3: "Port to use for receptor connection"??  The default is 27199.

| *`sso_console_admin_password`* | TBD
| *`sso_console_keystore_file`* | Keystore file to install in SSO node.

`'/path/to/sso.jks'`
| *`sso_host`* | {CatalogNameStart} requires SSO and SSO admin credentials for
authentication. 
SSO administration credentials are also required to set Catalog specific
roles needed for the application. 

If SSO is not provided in the inventory for
configuration, then the SSO host needs to be defined with this variable.
| *`sso_keystore_password`* | A keystore password is required for https enabled SSO.

The default install deploys SSO with `sso_use_https=True`

> | *`sso_use_https`* | TBD

Reviewer 3: Those sso_xxx are not for Controller, but for Hub and/or Catalog.  Maybe a different section should be created for SSO and Hub/Catalog section reference that (so we don't need to duplicate in Hub and Catalog)??

I was working with @ariordan-redhat on SSO related vars today... hopefully you two can discuss and reorganize this area.

| *`web_server_ssl_cert`* |  _Optional_ 

/path/to/webserver.cert

> Same as 'automationhub_server_ssl_cert' but for web server UI and API.

Reviewer 3: "SSL certificate for web UI and API"?

This variable is optional.

| *`web_server_ssl_key`* |  _Optional_

/path/to/webserver.key

> Same as `automationhub_server_ssl_key` but for web server UI and API.

Reviewer 3: "SSL key for web UI and API"?

This variable is optional.
